Now let's see if we will be still able to upload our new image that will be part of a blog post without
changing any logic whatsoever.
Inside the post controller so select a file that is valid and try uploading now what you should see
is the error that filled imaginable type doesn't have a default value.
And you can see what we tried to insert so we only tried to modify the path update it out and created
it values.
And that is not enough white.
That is not enough is that we use the image create method and what it does it creates a new image and
immediately saves the model about the only properties that we have provided is the path and then created
out and updated that was added ultimately.
So well the problem is that now you have those two fields inside the images table which is imaginable
type and imaginable I.D. and they are both are key so you can't leave this key empty.
So to fix that instead of using create which not only creates a new instance of the image model but
immediately saves it to the database.
Now you have to use make.
So this will only construct a new image but this will only be saved when we call the post image save.
So this part doesn't change.
We assign this one to one polymorphic relationship the same way as normal one to one polymorphic relationship.
It's just we can't save this new image model without assigning first those two fields.
So imaginable I.D. and imaginable type so you can also do something like this.
So when you create a new image you can create our new model and then just specify them so you will do.
Imagine imagine.
Ball Heidi post I.D. but of course it well doesn't really make sense.
We can make that much easier.
But just by just using make and then all those two fields that magical I.D. and imaginable type will
be set by calling save on the image relation on the Post model blog post model actually.
So remove that and now let's also locate the store method on the post controller because we do the exact
same finger we call image create.
So this has to be image make now.
So this is the changes we need for the post controller.
Now let's verify that by simply refreshing this page you can see that this works perfectly now also
let's see what is inside our images table so there is the path to the image timestamps but now notice
this part imaginable type and imaginable I.D..
So imagine all type.
Now concerns are fully qualified.
Class name.
So this is the model it relates to.
And then I.D. is obviously an I.D. on this model.
So this would mean it relates to I.D. on the blog posts table.
So when we will implement adding a new image to the user profile it will then contain up user and I.D.
on the user's table.
So let's do that in the next lecture.